doc: Updated documentation (consistency + updated property behavior) (#298)
eclipse/jkube: kubernetes-maven-plugin/doc/src/main/asciidoc/inc/enricher/_jkube_healthcheck_vertx.adoc

[[jkube-healthcheck-vertx]]
==== jkube-healthcheck-vertx

This enricher adds kubernetes readiness and liveness probes with Eclipse Vert.x applications.

> The readiness probe lets Kubernetes detects when the application is ready, while the liveness probe allows Kubernetes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The readiness probe lets Kubernetes detect when the application is ready, while the liveness probe allows Kubernetes to
```

verify that the application is still alive.

> This enricher allows configuring the readiness and liveness probes. Are supported: `http` (emit HTTP requests), `tcp`

Reviewer: Did you mean "These are supported:"? or is it intentional?

(open a socket), `exec` (execute a command).

By default, this enricher uses the same configuration for liveness and readiness probes. But specific configurations can

> be provided. The configurations can be overridden using project's properties.

Reviewer: I think there should be an `also` here
```suggestion
also be provided. The configurations can be overridden using project's properties.
```

                    <path>/health</path>
                  </liveness>
              </jkube-healthcheck-vertx>
            </config>
          </enricher>
        </configuration>
      </plugin>
----

Or:

[source,xml,indent=0,subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
    <properties>
        <vertx.health.port>8081</vertx.health.port>
        <vertx.health.readiness.path>/ready</vertx.health.readiness.path>
        <vertx.health.liveness.path>/ready</vertx.health.liveness.path>
    </properties>
----

===== Configuration Structure

The configuration is structured as follows

[source,xml,indent=0,subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
    <config>
        <jkube-healthcheck-vertx>
            <!-- Generic configuration, applied to both liveness and readiness -->
            <path>/both</path>
            <liveness>
                <!-- Specific configuration for the liveness probe -->
                <port-name>ping</port-name>
            </liveness>
            <readiness>
                <!-- Specific configuration for the readiness probe -->
                <port-name>ready</port-name>
            </readiness>
        </jkube-healthcheck-vertx>
    </config>
----

> The same structured is used in project's properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same structure is used in project's properties:
```

[source,xml,indent=0,subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
  <properties>
    <!-- Generic configuration given as vertx.health.$attribute -->
    <vertx.health.path>/both</vertx.health.path>
    <!-- Specific liveness configuration given as vertx.health.liveness.$attribute -->
    <vertx.health.liveness.port-name>ping</vertx.health.liveness.port-name>
    <!-- Specific readiness configuration given as vertx.health.readiness.$attribute -->
    <vertx.health.readiness.port-name>ready</vertx.health.readiness.port-name>
  </properties>
----

**Important**: Project's plugin configuration override the project's properties.
The overriding rules are:
_specific configuration_ > _specific properties_ > _generic configuration_ > _generic properties_.

===== Probe configuration

> You can configure the different aspect of the probes. These attributes can be configured for both the readiness and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the different aspects of the probes. These attributes can be configured for both the readiness and
```

| `vertx.health.failure-threshold`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.failure-threshold`

|===

More details about probes are available on https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-probes/.

===== HTTP specific probe configuration

When using HTTP `GET` requests to determine readiness or liveness, several aspects can be configured. HTTP probes are used by default. To be more specific set the `type` attribute to `http`.

.Vert.x HealthCheck Enricher HTTP probe configuration
[cols="1,5,2"]
|===
| Element | Description | Property

| *scheme*
| Scheme to use for connecting to the host.

  Defaults to `HTTP`.

| `vertx.health.scheme`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.scheme`

| *path*
| Path to access on the HTTP server. An empty path disable the check.
| `vertx.health.path`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.path`

| *headers*
| Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers. It cannot be configured using project's properties.
  An example is available below.
| `vertx.health.headers`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.headers`

| *port*

> | Port number to access on the container. A 0 or negative number disable the check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Port number to access the container. A 0 or negative number disables the check.
```

  Defaults to `8080`.
| `vertx.health.port`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.port`

| *port-name*

> | Name of the port to access on the container. If neither the `port` or the `port-name` is set, the check is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name of the port to access the container. If neither the `port` nor the `port-name` is set, the check is disabled.
```

  If both are set the configuration is considered invalid.
| `vertx.health.port-name`

  `jkube.enricher.jkube-healthcheck-vertx.port-name`

|===

Here is an example of HTTP probe configuration:

[source,xml,indent=0,subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
    <config>
        <jkube-healthcheck-vertx>
            <initialDelay>3</initialDelay>
            <period>3</period>
            <liveness>
                <port>8081</port>
                <path>/ping</path>
                <scheme>HTTPS</scheme>
                <headers>
                    <X-Custom-Header>Awesome</X-Custom-Header>
                </headers>
            </liveness>
            <readiness>
                <!-- disable the readiness probe -->
                <port>-1</port>
            </readiness>
        </jkube-healthcheck-vertx>
    </config>
----

===== TCP specific probe configuration

You can also configure the probes to just open a socket on a specific port. The `type` attribute must be set to `tcp`.

.Vert.x HealthCheck Enricher TCP probe configuration
[cols="1,5,2"]
|===
| Element | Description | Property

| *port*

> | Port number to access on the container. A 0 or negative number disable the check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Port number to access the container. A 0 or negative number disables the check.
```
